In order to acquire new customers,
customers must step through each step of the funnel.
Now, let's take a few minutes to talk about optimizing the funnel.
Optimizing the funnell requires identifying at
what level of the funnel your customer loss is the greatest.
So, the business team can target those leakage points.
In other words, are you losing the most customers at the awareness and interest age,
or is it when you are converting them into leads?
If you're losing many of them in the early stages of awareness,
you need to focus on the types of ads you're creating,
or the ad platforms you're choosing to reach your potential customers.
On the other hand, if you're losing many of them at the conversion stage,
you need to look at your website, or online app.
It's possible the site is not easy to navigate,
and that's why not many customers are converting to paid customers.
So, essentially, you're calculating the conversions,
or your success rate at getting a potential customer to
do what you want them to do at each level of the marketing funnel,
and you compare this number against your impressions.
Let's look an example in the next video.